Do you think I will be afraid of you?
Just a hairy boy
You dare to scream in front of me
I can slap you to death with one slap
Ten years ago, Zhao Damin and I were lifting weights
As a result, he wasted himself
I don't mind flying you off today
Alone hahaha
Since it is better than that, it is natural to have some prizes.
If you, Zhao Wanglong, lose
Just kneel down and apologize to my husband
If Taro Takahashi loses
You have to apologize to Zhao Daming Gui at the scene.
You can't lose!
Uh-huh.
Husband is awesome
How about a local dog
It's your turn, I hope you don't just bared your teeth and cracked your mouth
Come up with some real skills, hahaha.
Your little day
What is 350 kilograms?
Keep your eyes peeled.